Started project - 1/14 - Shaina Peters
I built the start of the project, based on DW's networking code. So far, clients can send usernames to the server. While the server can record the number of clients that have sent their username (using shared memory), I have yet to develop an efficient way of storing the usernames. Originally, they were meant to be stored by an array person structs, but that code is being a little buggy.
The way usernames are transfered is (supposed to be) the client prompts and recieves a username. It then adds 00 to the front of the username and sends that to the server. The server detects that the message it has recieved starts with 00 and tries to see if the username has already been taken, by looking at the list of previous usernames. If the username is free, it tells the client it has a good username and the client is free to send messages (in this case, messages are just replied to with the message slightly altered). If the username is not good, the client is once again asked for a username.
1/17/17
Created instatiation of shared memory in files.c
Created detach method for servers and clients in files.c
Began username storage methods with line counter

1/18/17
Formatted username.txt and set groundwork for additional methods
Created add username -- not fininished
Added client connect

1/19/17
Added file read and username search

1/20/17
Finished username.txt function

1/21/17
Finished locate username ID
Began questions.txt format and question retrival

1/23/17
Solved networking client connection error


Added file sharing functions for server and client.

You can talk to each other. Groups are set to 4 people. All 4 must connect before the simulation starts.
Still needed: integrate file stuff, come up with a better pairing algorithm, match people with the username they like, clean up code, make the first pairing start AFTER everyone has already chosen their names (not before)

1/23 - Brandon Huang
Added random questions to each cycle of dating rotation
